well howdy there internet people its Bo
again so today we're gonna talk about
what to do with your kids because I was
talking to a friend of mine today who
also works from home and who also has a
bunch of kids and his phone has been
just like mine ringing off the hook from
people who well just haven't ever spent
this much time with their kids in a row
like this there's a whole lot of people
who have become extremely appreciative
of teacher right now okay so I'm gonna
run through some things that I've
learned over the years that might help
first
think like a teacher think like a
teacher have a schedule you're gonna be
doing this a while have a schedule plan
out activities and remember that kids
have short attention spans so try to
limit it an hour or so and then change
it helps keep them interested in what's
going on the other thing to get out of
the way right up front is watch their
diet don't let them eat all the junk
food the first week number one they're
gonna drive you crazy the second week
number two all that sugar is all bad
that's not gonna go well for you they
also need physical activity now you may
not be able to run around outside
depending on where you live but YouTube
is your friend and a whole lot of ways
during this conversation yoga or any
normal Act exercise they have programs
on YouTube clips for kids and let them
do it let them burn off some of that
energy aside from that you know as
you're breaking up your day let them
know what the schedule for the week is
so they're looking forward to certain
events their routine has been
interrupted as well it's stressful for
everybody and kids are extremely
resilient so it'll be okay but just
remember they're a little out of sorts
too so give them a routine tell
what you're gonna do each day how it's
gonna work
a lot of this is age dependent but
trying to be as general as possible
YouTube is also your friend if you don't
know how to do any crafts or science
project stuff like that kids enjoy that
you know something as simple as the
little volcano the baking soda thing
they love it
just keep them engaged and break it up
bye-bye time periods you probably want
to get a lot of repairs and stuff done
around the house you know your your
honey-do list that lists the stuff that
you've just been sitting there the whole
time
there's no reason they can't help you
with it you're right it won't go as fast
as it would have you did it on your own
but number one it's not like you're
going anywhere you got time to kill
number two one of the big complaints
today is that our youth don't know how
to do anything this is the opportunity
to show you know you can teach them how
to make minor repairs around the house
you can teach them to cook depending on
their age rather than looking at this as
some horrible event remember you're one
of the few good things that could come
out of this you're getting to spend time
with your kids something that most of us
during a normal work week you probably
feel like you don't get to spend enough
time
talk to them spend time with them that's
all they want kids generally like their
parents most times so try to play into
that just incorporate them into what
you're doing and be patient because they
are children they are stressed too
they're relaxed but also remember this
as time goes on and they go back to
school
take it easy on the teachers because
it's not just your they doing with yours
they got like 25 other ones and for
older kids this may be the time to have
a lot of those conversations they you
know that Andy Griffith believe it to be
ver conversations that you never get to
have anymore
not all of this has to be doom and clone
there there's a lot of positive things
that can come out of this and this is
one of them
but the key thing have a schedule have a
schedule and keep their activities
limited in an hour or so and make sure
that they get some exercise and make
sure they're eating a decent meal I know
given the what was on the shelves that
may not be entirely possible it may not
be great but do as best you can
we all have to make do what we have
right now and we will get through this
but this I don't I don't think that this
should be something that you're calling
your your friends over you you've got a
chance to spend a lot of time with your
kids and there will be a time later when
you wish you could have spent more
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day